Clarifying documentation (#2382)
jenkinsci/configuration-as-code-plugin: demos/jenkins/README.md

## implementation note

> The example above is only a subset of commonly used settings. The full list is available in the generated documentation, click on `Documentation` link at the bottom of the Configuration as Code page in your Jenkins instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example above is only a subset of commonly used settings. The full list is available in the generated documentation by clicking on the `Documentation` link at the bottom of the Configuration as Code page in your Jenkins instance.
```
